bitch James Bond chick showing it where
you could be a bitches how's it going
guys it's nine-thirty on Saturday I
didn't get a chance to go earlier today
to do legs so now I'm getting it in I'm
excited to try my new things our belts
so this is the first time I'm trying
this so let's see how it goes whats up
guys today was a leg day quads and
calves here i'm doing a warm up with
some squat presses and lunges i do about
12 reps and two circuits without
stopping just to get my heart rate up
and to warm up my legs a little bit
before moving on to squatting and i
started squatting with 95 pounds i did
12 reps of that moved on to 135 pounds
did 10 reps 155 for eight reps and 185 i
think i did twice just because i was
feeling pretty good and I wanted to go
for a new PR which i will add at the end
of this clip to show you guys and I'm
really excited about the last time I
tried for a new PR was a few months ago
in Minnesota where I got 205 pounds and
that was during my bulk and I was
feeling really strong than I didn't have
a belt but today was the first time i
used my ends our belt and i started
using it at 155 pounds and right when I
put it on it just felt so perfect I was
like where has this belt been all of my
life I definitely felt a big difference
on my squat usually when I go a little
bit heavier I tend to lean forward a bit
but I felt my core being very stabilized
using this belt and it's really nice
because you can just unlatch it right
after you're done but the only complaint
that I have and a lot of people have
told me is that it takes a little while
for the bell to break in and it's
sometimes it's just a little hard to
latch because it's so stiff but I'm sure
I'll be all right once it's worn in a
little
that after i got done squating my legs
were just dead and i really wanted to
get some cats and so i decided to do
some calf raises on a slide press
machine but after this i was just like
man I'm just probably going to do some
plyos and some abs now and not lift
anything heavy since my legs were just
done and even the playas killed me but
you guys should try this plyo circuit
and let me know how it goes it consists
of three exercises the first one is a
single leg squat my gym has these
gliders that I use and I think it's
actually for moving furniture but I use
those to glide in and out and you could
even use a towel if you're at home but
these are really good for your inner and
outer thighs quads and glutes then I
moved on to jumping squats and I try to
be very explosive with this movement I
try to jump as high as I can and I know
sometimes it's really hard when you're
tired and lastly I did alternating
jumping lunges these are one of my
favorite workouts but it's tricky at
first to get used to because it requires
a lot of balance and coordination but
once you get the hang of it it's it's a
really good exercise to do because it
gives you a really good leg burned I did
10 to 12 reps each exercise and three
circuits I took about 30 seconds to a
minute break between each circuits and
fellows biometrics are not only for
women so try out this circuit and let me
know if you can hang after that playa
larga I was just done I didn't want to
be on my feet anymore so I decided to do
an ab circuit and with this apps are get
the first exercise I did was tow
Chargers with the weights I just took a
10 pound weight and did 20 reps of these
and it works your upper abs I then moved
on to the medicine ball leg raise and I
like these just because it works on my
lower abs and then my favorite for last
is the Ab Roller and this works out your
entire core and i'm just still
struggling at them sometimes and i've
been doing them for for a little while
now but let me know if you guys try out
his workouts and if you guys like me to
add more of my workouts in my videos but
thanks for watching guys I will put my
PR at the end of the clip so stay tuned
for more will be in your PR for me
you